# Frances
Java desktop application for a catering company.

## Description:
- A stand-alone Java desktop application that handles specific type of Ms Excel file (Item-Sales-Report) generated by a cloud based catering management system. <br>
- The analysis produces Ms Word documents. <br>
- It categorizes the items based on subheadings in that excel file. <br>
- The categories can be custom named. <br>
- Categories can be grouped together in a single document. <br>
- These are done by simple configuration files located in [config](config). <br>
- The output documents are in [Dir](Dir) <br>
- Once the selected files are merged, they are moved inside the [Temp Docs](https://github.com/qwertyfox/Frances/tree/master/Dir/Temp%20Docs)

## Codes:
- Uses Apache POI to read and create workbook and document. <br>
- Some of the Classes are reused from my previous project [Orders_Analyzer](https://github.com/qwertyfox/Orders_analyzer) with some changes.<br>
Namely; WordMerge.java, ProductDataStructure.java
- Main data structure where the bread type, product name and quantity are added. <br>
  Map<String, TreeMap<String, Integer>> finalMapOfProducts = new TreeMap <>();<br>

### Configurations:
- Config files are located in the [config](config). <br>
- Config files can have comments as long as the line starts with # <br>

#### bread name config.txt
- The file "bread name config.txt" is simply the Excel subheading names mapped to simple name or custom name assigned by : sign<br>
- The assigned name are the document names that are created in the Dir folder. <br>
- Syntax; Subheading_name:Assigned_name<br>
Here the Subheading_name is converted to Assigned name which is used to name all the output documents in the Dir folder. <br>
Eg; one of the subheadings in the Item-Sales-Report.xls is "Bagel Standard Noisette Seeded". This is renamed to just "Bagel" by the line "Bagel Standard Noisette Seeded:Bagel".<br>
  Moreover, post-analysis, the application will create the document name "Bagel.docx" which will have the analyzed contentes of "Bagel Standard Noisette Seeded".

#### print config.txt
- This config file combines the files into single document. <br>
- The names of the file to be merged has to match the names assigned in the bread name config.txt file. <br>
- The files that are combined are then moved to [Temp Docs](https://github.com/qwertyfox/Frances/tree/master/Dir/Temp%20Docs) 
- Syntax; Merged_file_name:Doc1,Doc2,Doc3 <br>
Here a seperate document name Merged_file_name.docx is created by combining the contents of Doc1, Doc2, Doc3. <br>
